Hello feature designers.
So welcome to the continuation of my projects with Lucy.
So I'm going to continue this.
So that's what we are going to be doing.
Okay, so our final projects will look like this scroll.
Okay.
So that said, already in the previous lesson, you guys learned how to import Lucy files.
Okay?
So I'm not going to go and then pick this false again because I already have them.
So what I'll do is to just what I was to draw rulers.
Okay, so the ruler is going to guide me as to where this objects or this shape should be and the icons
should be okay.
So first of all, let's do that.
So there's a shadow here.
Adidas using the line, too.
So the lines will all go here, pick a line, so then click here and then draw on shift.
Okay, so shift is going to make a pivot line.
If I leave shifts, you can see it's diagonal now.
So I'm going to shift in the streets.
Now I'm going to change my stroke to two.
So let me see.
Where is it?
Did it vanish?
Okay.
Click here and see what it is.
Speech.
So I'm going to give you a color and color, gray color.
So you wouldn't have this.
So if you don't know if you can just click this, that's my color code for the gray.
So I'm going to move it up with the arrow key.
Take it up.
Okay.
So this should be okay then.
Now let's do that of this icon.
So this icon, we just right click and then go to.
Sorry, I qualify.
So I qualify.
And then as I qualify, we can search for switch.
Yeah.
So just type switch and then click on this.
Okay.
Now.
You might not have qualified because you've not installed a plug in, so you have to go to plug ins.
Those thoughts in the previous lesson grasp plug ins and then search.
So we were going to do that.
So I'm just going to copy control, see control feeds and then bring it here.
I want it to be here.
Okay.
And you when you install or you install it, this icon, you would have different colors.
So what I did was to just click on it and then come to feel.
Then I gave it any color but actually use the eyedropper to pick a color from here.
So you can see I can use the eyedropper to pick any color.
So let me just pick this color.
Okay.
Now, what we do is we want to draw a district, go around a rectangle.
So I'm going to the shapes and then pick a rectangle, and then my border wants out how to start from
this place and then here.
Okay.
So I'm going to use also oats.
So the distance from this rectangle to the edge of our device is 38.
Does the spacing.
Okay, it's eight.
And then from.
From here to here is 86.
So from the top of the ship rectangle shape to his 86.
So that's the spacing.
And if you want to look at the spacing for this two is.
So this is 45 from this to this is 45.
Okay, so here I'm going to change its color to white.
For right now.
And then I'll give it a stroke.
Sorry.
And effects.
Drop.
Shadow effects.
So my shadow value.
I'll leave it to four and then replace four.
So let's see if I have to do something else around in the corners.
I'm going to ground in the corners so you can see this three circles.
This four circles.
If you can see it, you have to zoom in.
So then to appear okay, using control plus plus to zoom or better.
So you can actually do this here.
So you can give it a value here.
Let me see the value I give to it.
So I gave it.
You see the value?
Okay.
So let me give it ten.
So, Justin, I'm going to entertain.
It's so tense surrounding the contest, but we can see it well.
So I also work on my drop shadow.
Okay.
So let me look here and then see that drop shadow effects that was given to this.
So two and then six.
So to six.
So to.
That's why what says to the mind player was said to six.
Okay.
So I can take this rectangle the rules out, thus the physical ones.
So let me leave this one spot.
Okay.
So now let's pick out Lucifer.
So you already know how to pick the loser.
You go to plug ins and go to Lucifer.
If you're already registered on Lucy, you've done the connection plug ins and installation.
Just click here and then search for Lucifer and then click on Convert to Give.
So it's taking some time.
So I'm going to consult because we already have links about that in the previous lesson.
So I'm just going to copy this control, see Contrave and then bring it here.
So position is here.
We bring it here?
It's okay.
I don't need this.
Okay.
Now, Wood, once the icon so the icon, you can right click and go to plug ins and look for icon ify
and then look for correct or look for any icon or any icon that looks like this or any icon.
Because for me, I really don't know how I brought this, but let's just use it.
So look for any icon, then put it here so you can either use icon ify or material icon any icon.
Okay.
CNN closed its.
So I'm just going to copy this to C control z.
Then I'm going to move it.
So this place.
Okay.
A Soma.
The size of my icon is 19.
By 19.
Then there's some let me give you some small spacing before the test comes.
So with the text, you use the text to just see here.
Okay.
So I'm not going to do that.
I'm just going to do control and control.
V Then I'm going to start from here.
I mean, bring it down.
We.
It's.
And now what once the icon, the icon or the notification icon, so you can still go to your plug ins
and then such an icon ify or our design icons and then look for the or notification and then pick it.
And when you select this one control C, then move it here.
So I'm going to make it.
Sent it in between this.
Okay.
So if you want to change the color, just click on the icon, then click on The View and then give it
any color value of your choice.
Okay, so I'm going to take it back to its color.
Now we want this.
I call this.
Shape here and in the text, so you can just pick the rectangle two and then draw from here.
So I'm going to draw from here.
So some way here.
Then I can stretch it to this place.
So somewhere here where the E begins.
And then I'm going to round in the corners.
So let me give it a kind of value of, say, ten and see ten.
And it's too much.
So let me do it.
Five.
Okay.
So five is okay.
Okay, so five is okay and then you can give it to this color value.
So I'm going to my field and then pick the eyedropper and okay, all better.
So since it's already the colors that I already have on my canvas until my interface is here, I'll
just select it, end up so select it, and that should be okay.
And then I can just control, see this, control it, and then bring it here.
Okay.
So that is the in progress.
So any icon with this color means in progress.
You can see the color is trying to tell the user what the icons mean.
So this particular color us is overdue and in a green color tells this is completed and this one is
in progress.
Okay, so I'll see in the next lesson and thank you for watching.